feat(xmllib): enable sorting of resources and values during serialisation (RDU-89) (#1730)
dasch-swiss/dsp-tools: docs/xmllib-api-reference/advanced-set-up.md

# Advanced Set-Up Options

> ## Using an `.env` File

Author: @Notheturtle 
Since this is the second time we use .env variables, I decided to move this instruciton to the top.
What do you think?

The advanced set-up options are configured through an `.env` file.
This file should lie in the directory where you run your code from.

If you already have an `.env` file you can add the new variables to the existing file.

Please note that if a parameter is omitted it has the same meaning as setting it to `false`.

Oftentimes, `.env` files are used to store sensitive parameters, such as passwords.
Therefore, it is best practice to add it to your `.gitignore` file if it is not already.

## Save Warnings Output to CSV

User information, warnings and errors are printed out on the command line.

> To additionally save them to a CSV file, you can set that up by following the next steps:

Reviewer: Now that only 1 step is left, it doesn't make sense to have a bullet point.

```suggestion
To additionally save them to a CSV file, set `XMLLIB_WARNINGS_CSV_SAVEPATH` to the path of the CSV file.
```

> - Set `XMLLIB_WARNINGS_CSV_SAVEPATH` to the path of the CSV file
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

This file is set-up in append mode, meaning that if you do not delete it after one run, 
the new warnings will be added to the existing file. If the file already exists a row containing `*` is added. 

> ## Configurations for the Serialised XML

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Configurations for the Resulting XML File
```

### Sorting of Resources and Values in the XML

By default, resources and values are not sorted when creating the XML.
You can configure sorting through the following `.env` variables.

- `XMLLIB_SORT_RESOURCES`: sort resources by resource id
- `XMLLIB_SORT_PROPERTIES`: sort properties by the property name, and the values within the properties

Example `.env` file content:

  ```env
  XMLLIB_SORT_RESOURCES=true
  XMLLIB_SORT_PROPERTIES=true
  ```

> If you only want to have either sorted, the keyword can either be omitted or set to `false`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to enable only one of these sortings, the other can either be omitted or set to `false`.
```

**Note on the sorting order:**

> - The order is determined by the character number in the [Unicode chart](https://www.unicode.org/charts/)
> - This means that for example: `B` will come before `a` as capital letters have a lower number than lower case letters
> - Numbers are treated as strings, this means that for example: `01` and `1` are treated differently

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The order is determined by the character number in the [Unicode chart](https://www.unicode.org/charts/).
- This means that for example: `B` will come before `a`, as capital letters have a lower number than lower case letters.
- Numbers are treated as strings. This means that for example `01` and `1` are treated differently.
```
